Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
The war between the Imperial Army and the
Hellhorde has raged on for many years...
In the midst of battle, the Princess and
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion
falls into the hands of the Hellhorde.
The Hellhorde, seeking to extract
Imperial secrets from the princess...
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
...mercilessly subjects her
to torture day after day.
So that's Hellholm.
I'm here to save you...
Your Highness!
A theme park?
Yeah!
We just found out we have tomorrow off.
S-So we were thinking of going.
Wanna tag along, P-Princess-chan?
There's no way!
I'm a prisoner here!
You should see if the grand
inquisitor will let you go!
C'mon!
Okay! I'll ask!
Awesome!
I shouldn't just assume she'll say no!
That's right!
I-I'm sure it'll be real fun with you there.
You said it!
C'mon, it's not happening.
You cannot go.
Well, duh.
You heartless monster!
Are you saying that as a
prisoner subject to torture,
I don't have the freedom
to visit a theme park?!
I'm shocked that you thought you did.
That said, how does this sound?
I shall consider it in exchange
for an imperial secret.
You dirty scoundrel!
So this is your torture for today?!
I bet there is no theme park trip.
It was all a trick to
make Her Highness talk!
On the contrary.
I would not stoop so low.
I imagine they invited you with
naught but pure intentions.
Don't let her fool you, Your Highness!
Right then, onto business...
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
You've been silent for an
hour and counting now.
Are you sure about this?
The park is almost about to open.
If you confess, I can send you to the
park with a teleportation spell.
Don't you want to enjoy
yourself with the others?
Your Highness,
Youki and Inki were simply
acting on her orders.
Their invite was nothing but a sham.
Rest assured, Ex.
I am Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
I've seen my fair share of battles.
There are times when those
I considered comrades...
ended up betraying me.
This is nothing new to me.
I won't give in, by any means.
'Tis time for the park to open.
I regret to say that you
have bested me on this day.
Y-Your Highness.
Please don't let it get to you.
I'm totally fine!
I told you, I'm used to it!
That said...
We're friends, aren't we?
I-I'm sure it'll be real fun with you there.
You said it!
I might have wanted to go on
that trip a little bit...
Your Highness...
Youki
We'll be waiting outside until you get here!
We'll be waiting outside
until you get here~
Inki
We'll be waiting~
We'll be waiting!
Our friendship is the real deal!
I'll tell you!
I told you they weren't lying...
The princess
confessed
Did Princess-chan reply yet?
I'm here!
Oh, there you are!
Th-That outfit...
You look super cute!
Really?
All right!
Let's have ourselves a blast today!
Yeah!
This is so fun!
I'm so happy!
What a brand-new experience!
It's so nice to have friends!
Having fun with others makes it two,
three, four, five times as fun!
My heart won't stop dancing with joy!
Welcome to Tokyo...
Yes.
It took until the very end, but we've
finally obtained a useful piece of intelligence.
Their king... prefers sea over land.
Will the secret we've coaxed
out of her today suffice?
What?
Oh, yes.
The same as always.
What?!
Understood.
Tomorrow's torture session...
will be handled personally
by His Majesty's daughter?
Earthen cradle under heaven's watchful gaze.
Hush-a-bye baby.
March thee onward, to the city
cloaked in night eternal.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Besties for life!
Why are you kneeling?
Oh, is it me?
Have you realized how great I am?
I'm pretty sure it's not that.
I kneel not in deference to you, Princess.
Today's torture will be performed
by His Majesty's daughter.
The daughter of the Hell-Lord?!
Indeed.
The only daughter of His
Majesty the Hell-Lord.
Hyper Cadet Harm-Marshal...
Hell-Lord's Daughter
Hyper Cadet Harm-Marshal
Maomao-chan
Her Highness Princess Maomao-chan.
So cute!
Oh, what a cutie pie!
So small!
How old are you, Maomao-chan?
Go on, go on!
Ask me whatever you want!
Your Highness?
I-It's not what you think, Ex.
I was just trying to get some information
out of the Hell-Lord's daughter.
Look me in the eye and say that.
She's the daughter of none
other than the Hell-Lord.
Don't let her age catch you off guard!
Nuh-uh.
I'm no good at all.
Everyone has big hopes for
me because of my dad...
but I've never gotten anything
out of anyone with torture.
I... must not be cut out to be a torturer...
That's not true!
That's not true at all, Maomao-chan!
Even if it seems like nothing
ever goes your way,
I promise your efforts will pay off one day!
Your Highness, why are you
encouraging the enemy?
So be a brave girl now, and torture me!
Thanks, missy!
Oh, you're adorable! I'll talk!
Don't jump the gun, Your Highness!
Okay!
Well then...
It's time for torture, Princess!
Um, this is bubble wrap.
I love popping the bubbles.
So popping them in front of
you should make you jealous!
Pop
Well? Aren't you so jealous?!
God, she's cute.
To be honest, I don't feel jealous at all.
And yet, I want to tell
her a secret so badly!
Keep it together, Your Highness!
Princess Maomao-chan, you're almost there.
How about this, then?
My awesome move where you
pop a whole bunch at once!
This bold move uses up a
ton of bubbles in no time,
so I only use it on very special days!
This is killing me more than
any of the previous tortures!
Hang in there, Your Highness!
Get a hold of yourself!
Okay, just a little more!
Um, next is...
I'm all out of bubbles to pop...
I messed up at torturing again...
After I tried so hard, too...
I'll tell you everything!
The princess
confessed
I see.
So this is the Imperial Army's secret code.
Am I done with all my work now?
Yes, that's right.
'Twas perfect, Princess Maomao-chan.
And now that she's divulged her secret,
we're done with the princess.
Feel free to do as you wish with her.
Um, then...
Let's play a game of tag!
Sure!
Maomao-chan!
Look, I'm right here!
Wait for me!
C'mon, catch me if you can!
Okay!
I'll get you!
Your Highness, did you
just undo your chains?
Over here!
Wait up, missy!
Tag!
Ah, you got me!
Now you're it!
Well, well.
Play nice
Aim to learn
Live
positively
So this is their secret code.
Yes, sir.
Let us make haste and deliver that
note to the Chief Officer of Combat.
Not a chance!
This is Maomao-chan's first
accomplishment at work!
I'm going to frame it and hang it in my home.
I won't let anyone else see it!
Play nice
Aim to learn
Live
positively
March thee onward, to the city
cloaked in night eternal.
Head yonder to dreams impossible.
Earthen cradle under heaven's watchful gaze.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
What's with the getup?
You see, today's torture...
is xiaolongbao.
Wha—?!
Chinese food!
This is bad.
Truth be told, Her Highness
loves Chinese cuisine!
It might be hard for her to
overcome today's torture!
Not that she ever overcomes them!
Huh?
Is something the matter, Your Highness?
What happened to your usual dumb face?
Looks good...
Dumb face?!
It's true that I love Chinese food.
Baminyan
Jimochi would secretly take me to Baminyan,
the Chinese restaurant, after my lessons.
Not again, you old fart!
Mapo, gyoza, fried rice...
I can't pick just one!
Then let's order everything
and put it all on one plate!
Yeah!
But even for a Chinese
cuisine die hard like me...
Xiaolongbao are another story!
After all, xiaolongbao
are filled with soup,
and always burn the inside of my mouth!
What a pathetic reason.
But if that's the case, we
stand a chance of prevailing!
Yeah.
Princess.
That's because you don't know the
proper way to eat xiaolongbao.
The proper way to eat them?
Instead of simply putting
one whole into your mouth,
you begin by placing it
atop your soup spoon,
and then break open the skin.
Dumb Face-o-Meter
Your Highness!
Keep your composure!
Your Dumb Face-o-Meter just shot up to 70%!
Dumb Face-o-Meter?!
Don't you worry, Ex.
I simply let my guard down for a moment.
It won't happen again!
It looked tasty for a second
there, but that's not the case.
I mean, if you break open the skin,
all that precious broth is
going to come spilling out!
Indeed.
This overflowing broth
is what you drink first.
Wha—?!
Dumb Face-o-Meter
That looks amazing!
Watch out, Your Highness!
H-Hold it.
If you drink the broth first,
what about the actual bun?!
Xiaolongbao without the soup...
is just a mangled mess!
Why, of course you mustn't drink
up all the soup just yet.
Watch carefully.
I-Inside the soup spoon,
the skin, filling, and soup are
mixed together in perfect balance!
Wh-Why, that's...
guaranteed to taste amazing!
Your Highness!
Dumb Face-o-Meter
You fiend!
You're going to devour that
incredible-looking morsel in one bite?!
The princess
confessed
I see.
The guards change shift every Sunday
morning, resulting in lax security...
What?!
Put on a bit of julienned
ginger on at the end?!
You're telling me there are greater
heights of joy to be had?!
Dumb Face-o-Meter
Bliss-o-Meter
I'm so happy!
Flimsy security on Sunday mornings, you say?
Yes.
I believe it'd be the
perfect time to strike.
No way!
There are so many Sunday morning
anime I want to watch.
I prefer to watch them while they're airing.
As you wish.
Earthen cradle under heaven's watchful gaze.
Hush-a-bye baby.
March thee onward, to the city
cloaked in night eternal.
Head yonder to dreams impossible.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
White rice...
...Highness.
...piled sky-high...
Your Highness.
Huh? Huh?!
Please keep it down.
I've cast a sleeping spell
throughout the castle,
but we should act with the utmost silence.
White Knight of the Imperial
First Legion, Louch Brittan.
I've come here to fetch Your Highness.
Imperial
First
Legion
Louch
Brittan
Your Highness?
The princess was raised from an
early age to grow up strong,
Oh, my dear knight!
and as girls her age dreamed of
finding their Prince Charming...
Look this way!
Marry me!
I have no need for that.
I shall serve as the sword who protects all!
Or so she said.
But the truth is...
Margarine
she was squeeing at shoujo manga.
What's more...
Princess...
I'm here
to save
you.
she dreamed of being saved
by Prince Charming.
No...
She dreamed about it like crazy!
Y-You came to save me?
That's right.
What, is this a dream?
Am I still dreaming?
Come now, let us flee at once.
Nope, it's reality.
Huh?
No, I apologize.
You're not to blame here.
In fact, I'd prefer to marry
someone with unassuming looks.
I see...
Ex is still asleep.
So, how will we escape?
Yes.
Actually, I spent quite some time
searching for Your Highness,
so the sleeping spell is about
to run out in a few minutes.
As such, we'll use a return spell to
head straight back to the palace.
Makes sense.
Um, well...
About that return spell...
For the two of us to use it, we'll need
to cling tightly to each other...
How innocent of you.
I don't mind a bit of close contact.
Don't hesitate to touch me.
Thank you very much.
Okay, Your Highness.
Let me take you by the waist.
Go on.
Now then, I'll begin the incantation.
Stars manifold, traverse the
nights of greater magnitude yet.
Needless to say, while the princess
was quick to call him innocent,
O thou who dost seek the city.
she was no better.
Heed my prayer. Heed my vow.
In the name of the kingdom of glory,
So close!
His face is so close!
become as a blade to rend
the chaos of darkness.
His voice is so close!
A man, so close to me!
Thou who receivest the
bounty of gilded earth.
I can feel the warmth from his fingertips!
This is a brand-new experience!
Head yonder as thou art guided.
My heart is pounding to the point
where he's starting to look handsome!
Stars manifold, traverse the
nights of greater magnitude yet.
And is it me, or is his voice pretty manly?
O thou who dost seek the city.
His dead serious profile as
he recites his incantation...
Heed my prayer. Heed my vow.
So handsome!
In the name of the kingdom of glory,
He's grabbing onto me even tighter!
become as a blade to rend
the chaos of darkness.
I hear transportation magic
requires intense focus.
Thou who receivest the
bounty of gilded earth.
I guess it was true.
Head yonder as thou art guided.
He's gripping me with a lot of force.
Stars manifold, traverse the
nights of greater magnitude yet.
It hurts a little, but
I'm no delicate maiden.
O thou who dost seek the city.
Heed my prayer. Heed my vow.
I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
In the name of the kingdom of glory,
This is nothing.
become as a blade to rend
the chaos of darkness.
And well, more importantly...
Thou who receivest the
bounty of gilded earth.
his hand keeps on creeping upward.
Head yonder as thou art guided.
He's about to reach my boobs—
Stars manifold, traverse the
nights of greater magnitude yet.
U-Um, excuse me...
O thou who dost seek the city.
It's no use!
He's concentrating as hard as he can!
Heed my prayer. Heed my vow.
He's completely unaware of his own hand!
In the name of the kingdom of glory,
Calm down.
I threw away my womanhood
when I became a knight.
become as a blade to rend
the chaos of darkness.
Thou who receivest the
bounty of gilded earth.
Even if his hand does touch my boobs—
Head yonder as thou art guided.
it's not a big deal!
Stars manifold, traverse the
nights of greater magnitude yet.
O thou who dost seek the city.
Heed my prayer. Heed my vow.
It would take more than that...
In the name of the kingdom of glory,
to make me give in!
become as a blade that—
Nope, ain't happening!
Head yonder as thou art guided...
I'm sorry, Louch.
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
Bear with it.
I'm sure help will come some day!
I will say...
The grand inquisitor just hasn't brought
me any information I can use.
I suppose the princess is
just too formidable a foe.
No, or perhaps...
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Bring Torture here at once!